Menções à palavra 'gay' e 'lesbian' em seus devidos contextos: 
Batwoman V: When the relationship was discovered, however, Kate chose to come out as a lesbian in order to protect Sophie and was expelled under Don't-Ask-Don't-Tell.
Morph: Sunfire told him that she was actually a lesbian.
Silk Spectre: Ursula Zandt, who was constantly pestering her about her Polish heritage, but later expressed regret that she was expelled from the group simply because she was a lesbian, especially since there were men on the team who were gay (though she did not identify them).
Silk Spectre: Ursula Zandt, who was constantly pestering her about her Polish heritage, but later expressed regret that she was expelled from the group simply because she was a lesbian, especially since there were men on the team who were gay (though she did not identify them).
Two-Face: After the earthquake that ravaged Gotham, Two-Face outed her as a lesbian and framed her for murder, hoping that if he took everything from her she would be left with no choice but to be with him.
Captain Stingaree: The three captains kidnapped other captains to show supremacy over air, land and sea, before they were taken down by Captain Comet and Black Canary.Captain Stingaree was later revealed to be gay, and in a relationship with The Cavalier.
Kick-Ass: By now Dave is on cloud nine only to be brought down by his best friend Toddy Haynes when he tells him that every one thinks he is gay because he was found naked those months ago when he first donned the costume.
Kick-Ass: Being the opportunist Dave played the role of the supposed "gay best friend" just so he could be close to the girl that he had a crush on.
Kick-Ass: Dave then found himself once again playing the gay best friend role with his long time crush Katie Deauxma.
Kick-Ass: She could sense that something was not right and after thinking quickly his response to her in an attempt to cover his true feeling were that his was afraid to tell his father about the gay stuff.
Northstar: Northstar then led the army on a killing spree, murdering anti-mutant and anti-gay supporters until he was confronted by Wolverine.
Silk Spectre: Ursula Zandt, who was constantly pestering her about her Polish heritage, but later expressed regret that she was expelled from the group simply because she was a lesbian, especially since there were men on the team who were gay (though she did not identify them).
Silk Spectre: Ursula Zandt, who was constantly pestering her about her Polish heritage, but later expressed regret that she was expelled from the group simply because she was a lesbian, especially since there were men on the team who were gay (though she did not identify them).
The Ray (CW): Ray decided to come out as gay to his parents before departing to Earth-X to face Overgirl.
